All right so before we get into coding the Wordpress theme we're going to first just create the H team
template.
OK just using H TMLC SS and this is a bootstrap theme.
And actually going to take one of the example templates and start from that.
OK so if you go to get bootstrapped dot com and go to getting started and we scroll down actually you
can click over on examples where we're going to start with this narrow Jumbotron template.
So it's quick on that.
And what we'll do is do a control you so we can see the source code.
And let's go ahead and create our template folder.
OK so I'm just going to call this business actual call it business.
Each team.
All right.
And let's open that up.
And before we actually copy that let's go ahead and download bootstrap
and I will open that up and then we're going to take C Ss actually we'll create our own CSSA folder
and all we need from here is bootstrap Dotsie ss.
We're also going to have a J.S. folder and then we'll bring over bootstrap J.S. cash.
That's all we need from this package.
Now what we'll do is create an index page
and open that up and what we'll do is grab all of that source code.
They will just grab the entire thing and paste that in.
Now we're going to go through and just remove what we don't need and make a lot more simple than this
.
Let's get rid of these comments.
We don't need these metal tags right here for the title just for now I'm going to change it to just
business theme.
OK now we need to point to our bootstraps DSS.
So we're going to just remove that and we're using the non magnified file so just bootstrapped CSX.
And then the rest of the stuff in the head we can actually just get rid of.
All right.
Now we're going to have a custom stylesheet So let's copy this and we'll just change this two style
dots here.
Yes.
You know we might as well create that now.
So this will be style dot CSS
limbers will open that up as well.
Now in the body.
Actually before you get to that let's go ahead and download font.
Awesome.
OK so if we click download
and we open that up what we want from here is the CSSA file so we want that.
Let's bring that over to our project
and we're also going to take the fonts folder.
OK bring that right over in and that's it.
So we want to also point to that file.
So let's go ahead and copy that.
And let's just change this to font.
Awesome dot CSS
moving down into the body.
We have our NAV bar here OK for home.
Let's change that to indexed on HDMI now.
This one here will be about dot HTML and then this one this contact I'm going to change to blog.
OK.
Project Name now we're actually going to use a logo a really simple logo that I created.
So I'm going to just change that to image source.
Let's say I'm Jiyu of a folder called IMT and then logo dot P and G.
OK so let's go at that.
You should have it in your project files.
So I'm going to create a new folder here called the I Am G
and I'm going to just paste this in.
So now move on to the Jumbotron.
Now this we can just keep that as it is right now.
All right.
Going down we have this we have another row with the class of marketing that just adds some extra padding
before we do anything else let's just go ahead and save this.
Now if we go and look at it
OK.
So it doesn't look like the example which is or it's this right here.
And the reason for that is this has a custom CSSA file.
If you look at the source code there's a file called Jumbotron narrow CSSA.
We want to click on that and then we just want to copy everything that's in there and go and paste that
in our style dot CSSA file.
OK now if we save that and go back
now it looks just like the demo.
All right.
Now that's style CSSA file actually has a lot of code that we don't need.
So I really want to just clean this up.
We don't need all the comments for one thing.
I mean you can keep them if you like I just don't like to make it as clean and simple as possible.
You don't really need these comments.
We can actually get rid of these media these these styles here
and since we don't even need this sort of thing from this media tag down we get rid of me and say I
don't think we need this hurried here either.
All right.
Let's save that and see what we get.
OK.
So we need to just make that narrow.
Let's create a container.
OK there's a class called container and we're just going to settle with two that actually will set a
max with this this template will be completely responsive as well.
So going to the max with 10 20 pixels.
There we go.
OK.
I don't want it narrow like like the demo.
So that looks good.
Now this this area here isn't going to be here.
What I want to go here is those three boxes.
All right which will have an icon a heading and a paragraph right which we have right here a heading
in a paragraph.
So what we'll do is go into index each time out.
And where we have this row right here remarketing And then what we what we have is two six column divs
.
What we want is three four column divs So let's go ahead and just get rid of those in the house and
let's change this to four.
Change that to four and then we just need one more of these.
OK.
I also want to change the age 4 to age 3.
And this row here all the rows I'm going to use a section tag instead of a div just to help organize
a little better.
All right.
Now we're also going to need our icons.
So if you've ever used font awesome you know that we use an eye tag and then we need the FAA classes
so F.A..
And then to get the actual icon you need that icons class.
In this case it's F.A. bar chart.
And then we want it to be a little bigger so we're going to add F.E. 3.
And then just end the tag.
All right so let's copy that.
This one here we're going to change from bar chart to code F-8 code.
And then this one here we're going to change it to F.A. desktop
save and take a look.
OK so for some reason the FAA 3 class it's supposed to make it bigger but for some reason the number
the FAA dash and then the size they don't work by default.
So we're just going to have to add in our own class to make those better.
All right.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
OK.
Just want to finish the HVM out.
So the next area is going to be that that big green area with the heading and the paragraph.
So let's go right below this section and then we're going to open another section.
This is going to have a class of row.
And we're also going to call this content region wide.
All right and this is actually going to be a widget position when we when we build the theme we're also
going to want some padding so we can create some padding classes.
This is going to be P-T 50.
So padding top 50 and then padding bottom 40
right now in here are going to create or we're going to add a container class
and then rewards or call them class which will be our call M.D 12 because we want to go across the whole
screen and then we can put our H-1.
So say clean strap WordPress theme and then for the paragraph I'm just going to grab that and paste
it in.
All right.
And he noticed that I gave it the class of lead.
This is a bootstrap class that will just make it bigger.
OK let's do some indentation here.
OK.
Save that.
If we reload.
It doesn't look very good.
OK but that's the age him.
We'll get to the CSSA in a little bit.
So we're going to need the next widget area.
I'm actually going to just copy this and we're going to change this to continent region 2.
And this is going to have pairing top 40 and padding bottom 40 right in there instead of having one
12 column div.
We're going to have to we're going to have one that is 5.
OK so an image is going to go there and then we'll have another column with seven and that will be where
we put the list.
OK so here let's put an image tag.
And we're going to say source equals I am g slash.
Pick one dot peg.
All right.
And all of these images will be in your project files on this side.
We're going to have an unordered list.
So let's put a heading here we'll just say theme features and then I'm going to just paste in well with
the class of list group and then each ally will have a class of list group.
Item.
All right.
And also I put an icon a Czech icon next to each one.
So let's save that and actually need to put the image in that in the correct folder.
So it's true that I'm actually going to paste in all the images you should have these in a folder called
underscore images.
All right.
And then just pick one right.
Here is the one that you are putting there.
So let's go ahead and reload.
OK.
So now we have the pick and then we have the list.
Now it's big because we didn't set a with to it.
We're going to want to set it to with 100 percent but we'll get to that in a little bit.
So after that section we have the footer and the footer just like with the boxes will have three four
column divs.
So I'm actually going to copy what we have in here and put that in the footer.
All right.
And then we'll just clear out each each for column div
K so each one will have an H for heading.
So I'm just going to say heading and let's put in a paragraph actually before we do that let's add a
container div here
because we want it to all be pushed towards the middle.
All right.
So I'm going to just paste in a paragraph here and then for the next one is going to be just a heading
and then an unordered list and then the last one is going to be a heading and of simple form.
OK so has a name email and a message field.
So let's save that and go and reload and then we get our 3 footer for widget areas.
All right so that's the H M L for the index page.
No it doesn't look too good yet but we will fix that in the next parts of this lecture we're going to
create the other pages so we're going to have an inner page for about.
And then the blog page and then the single blog page.
All right so we'll get to that next.